README.md, before:

# triton-translation-example
Exploring how to utilize NVIDIA's Triton Inference Server for hosting machine translation workflow.

### Pulling Triton Inference Server Container
Let's use the latest version of the docker container that has the Python & PyTorch backends
`$ docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:24.04-pyt-python-py3`
Not exactly sure if I need to add pytorch to the conda env or if this is already available. Guessing
time will tell.

## Creating Your Own Conda Environment
Taking directly from the [NVIDIA documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/triton-inference-server/user-guide/docs/python_backend/README.html?highlight=conda#creating-custom-execution-environments).
This highlights the importance of setting `export PYTHONNOUSERSITE=True` before calling
conda-pack

## Fasttext-Language-Identification
The first step in the process be a language identification model. For this workflow,
I will use the [fasttext-language-identification](https://huggingface.co/facebook/fasttext-language-identification). 

### Input
Input will be Python strings. FastText requires that newlines be stripped, but this
will be handled internally.

### Output
Returns the language id, taken from [Wikipedia's list of Wikipedias](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Wikipedias) which appears to be the convention that [FastText adopted](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fastText/issues/1305#issuecomment-1586349534).

### Conda Environment
Within the model_repository/fasttext-language-identification directory do the following
```
$ conda env create -f environment.yml
$ conda-pack -n fasttext-language-identification -o fasttext-language-identification.tar.gz
```

Commit message:

Making changes to conda environment stuff mostly

README.md, after:

# triton-translation-example
Exploring how to utilize NVIDIA's Triton Inference Server for hosting machine translation workflow.

### Pulling Triton Inference Server Container
Let's use the latest version of the docker container that has the Python & PyTorch backends
`$ docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:24.04-pyt-python-py3`

## Creating Your Own Conda Environment
Taking directly from the [NVIDIA documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/triton-inference-server/user-guide/docs/python_backend/README.html?highlight=conda#creating-custom-execution-environments).
This highlights the importance of setting `export PYTHONNOUSERSITE=True` before calling
conda-pack. In addition, the docs mention that the python version in the conda-pack
must match the python version in the container.  You can check this by first pulling
down the container of interest and then going into the container to check python
```
$ docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:24.04-pyt-python-py3
$ docker run -it nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:24.04-pyt-python-py3 /bin/bash
container:/opt/tritonserver# /usr/bin/python3 -V
container:/opt/tritonserver# exit
```

To create the conda pack needed for an environment:
```
$ conda env create -f environment.yml
$ conda pack -n <environment_name>
```

## Fasttext-Language-Identification
The first step in the process be a language identification model. For this workflow,
I will use the [fasttext-language-identification](https://huggingface.co/facebook/fasttext-language-identification). 

### Input
Input will be Python strings. FastText requires that newlines be stripped, but this
will be handled internally.

### Output
Returns the language id, taken from [Wikipedia's list of Wikipedias](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Wikipedias) which appears to be the convention that [FastText adopted](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fastText/issues/1305#issuecomment-1586349534).

### Conda Environment
Within the model_repository/fasttext-language-identification directory do the following
```
$ conda env create -f environment.yml
$ conda-pack -n fasttext-language-identification -o fasttext-language-identification.tar.gz
```
